How will you feel
when all we came here to do
is finally completed?
No doubt, we will find a moment to reflect
on the words of Philippians 2:13.
Yes, Jehovah energized us
and gave each and every one of us
“both the desire
and the power to act.”
How has sharing on this project
affected your life?
It all started over seven years ago.
Can you imagine how excited
you’re going to be
when we hear
that the new branch facility at Chelmsford
has been approved by the City Council?
Well, guess what?
Yesterday afternoon we received the approval.
Whilst the buildings are beautiful,
at the end of the day,
they are just buildings.
The really special part of this project
has been the people;
even non-Witnesses saw that something special
was taking place on our site.
It’s a very friendly site to work on.
It’s just how friendly everyone is.
You walk in, and it just—
I find it mind-blowing.
In a negative (sometimes) society,
when you come here,
it just puts a smile on your face.
A truly unexpected success
was the visitors’ center.
How we underestimated the appreciation
Jehovah’s people have
for theocratic activities.
Visitors from all around the globe witnessed
the activities of Jehovah for themselves.
This is partly why
I’m actually studying the Bible
to get baptized,
because when I came here,
it just hit me somewhere, you know?
Me and Alicia can’t see,
so everyone has been
so encouraging and thoughtful.
We really feel like Jehovah is with us
and he’s supported us.
I really liked the ladies driving tractors.
Everyone wanted to have
a part in the project.
Every single contribution warmed our hearts
and sometimes our heads too.
Another beautiful project highlight
was the day-volunteer program.
The effort and expense brothers and sisters
sacrificed reminded all of us
of what a privilege it is
to work for Jehovah.
And how about the commuters
who helped on the project?
Would the BRD family have had
the same spirit without our commuters?
Don’t you just love being a part
of this amazing family?
We were regularly reminded that spirituality
is of the utmost importance.
Did you ever say that a monthly meeting
was the best one yet?
What lies outside the comfort zone
is the faith zone.
Don’t cry because it’s over;
smile because it happened.
What is your story?
The center of all of our stories is Jehovah.
He is the one who energized us;
he is the one who gave us
both the desire
and the power to act.
He is the one we can thank
for the lifelong friendships we have formed,
the training we have received,
and the challenges
we have been able to overcome.
Remember your story.
Really, it’s only just beginning.